README.md, before:

# Connect the dots
3D "dot" tracking for pairs of tagged chromatin loci. 

## Installation instructions

There are a few dependencies that need to be installed before one can run `connect_the_dots`. These instructions are only for installation on our Ubuntu machines (tested for a clean installation of Ubuntu 18.04, July 23rd, 2020)

**Please note that if any command below has the words `sudo` in them, it is likely you do not have to run them on our system.** 
`sudo` means that the installation is system wide, therefore it usually only has to be done once by one user.

1. Install `BioFormats` 

    - run `git clone https://github.com/ome/bioformats` into your desired folder
    - After downloading, install via the command line: run `ant jars`. If `ant` is not installed, run `sudo apt-get install ant`
    - https://docs.openmicroscopy.org/bio-formats/5.8.2/developers/building-bioformats.html#source-obtain-and-build
    
    
2. Install Java-Development-Kit

    - `sudo apt install default-jdk`
        - https://openjdk.java.net/install/

3. Install `javabridge`
    
    - IMPORTANT: Make sure you have correctly set the JAVA_HOME variable so that javabridge knows where to look for Java
    - For our system, this amounts to running in the command line: `JAVA_HOME="/usr/lib/jvm/default-java/"`. For more details see issue here: https://github.com/LeeKamentsky/python-javabridge/issues/152. 
    - `Boto3` is a required dependency, so run: `pip install boto3`
    - Finally, run `pip install javabridge`


4. Install `python-bioformats` from the people at CellProfiler

    - run `pip install python-bioformats`
    
    
5. Install `tifffile`

    - This is used to parse metadata
    - run `pip install tifffile`   

6. Install ffmpeg (optional)
 
    - If this is not already installed on the system (i.e. if movies of trajectories are not saving)
    - run `sudo apt install ffmpeg`

7. Now, you should be all set!

    - run `python setup.py develop`, and you are ready to go!

## References (to cite)

    - Bioformats: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20513764

Commit message:

Consolidating the pipeline, added rudimentary docs

README.md, after:

# Connect the dots
3D "dot" tracking for pairs of tagged chromatin loci. 

## Installation instructions

There are a few dependencies that need to be installed before one can run `connect_the_dots`. These instructions are only for installation on our Ubuntu machines (tested for a clean installation of Ubuntu 18.04, July 23rd, 2020)

**Please note that if any command below has the words `sudo` in them, it is likely you do not have to run them on our system.** 
`sudo` means that the installation is system wide, therefore it usually only has to be done once by one user.

1. Install `BioFormats` 

    - run `git clone https://github.com/ome/bioformats` into your desired folder
    - After downloading, install via the command line: run `ant jars`. If `ant` is not installed, run `sudo apt-get install ant`
    - https://docs.openmicroscopy.org/bio-formats/5.8.2/developers/building-bioformats.html#source-obtain-and-build
    
    
2. Install Java-Development-Kit

    - `sudo apt install default-jdk`
        - https://openjdk.java.net/install/

3. Install `javabridge`
    
    - IMPORTANT: Make sure you have correctly set the JAVA_HOME variable so that javabridge knows where to look for Java
    - For our system, this amounts to running in the command line: `JAVA_HOME="/usr/lib/jvm/default-java/"`. For more details see issue here: https://github.com/LeeKamentsky/python-javabridge/issues/152. 
    - `Boto3` is a required dependency, so run: `pip install boto3`
    - Finally, run `pip install javabridge`


4. Install `python-bioformats` from the people at CellProfiler

    - run `pip install python-bioformats`
    
    
5. Install `tifffile`

    - This is used to parse metadata
    - run `pip install tifffile`   

6. Install ffmpeg (optional)
 
    - If this is not already installed on the system (i.e. if movies of trajectories are not saving)
    - run `sudo apt install ffmpeg`

7. Now, you should be all set!

    - run `python setup.py develop`, and you are ready to go!

## Here's the API
See the [docs](https://github.com/ahansenlab/connect_the_dots/doc/build/html/index.html) for more information.

## References (to cite)

    - Bioformats: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20513764
